c:\users\gagelonia luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game3\Game3\bin\Windows\Debug\Game3.exe
c:\users\gagelonia luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game3\Game3\bin\Windows\Debug\Game3.pdb
c:\users\gagelonia luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game3\Game3\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\gagelonia luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game3\Game3\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\gagelonia luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game3\Game3\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\gagelonia luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game3\Game3\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\gagelonia luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game3\Game3\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\gagelonia luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game3\Game3\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\gagelonia luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game3\Game3\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\gagelonia luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game3\Game3\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\gagelonia luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game3\Game3\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\gagelonia luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game3\Game3\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\gagelonia luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game3\Game3\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\gagelonia luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game3\Game3\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\gagelonia luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game3\Game3\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\gagelonia luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game3\Game3\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\gagelonia luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game3\Game3\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\gagelonia luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game3\Game3\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\gagelonia luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game3\Game3\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\gagelonia luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game3\Game3\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\gagelonia luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game3\Game3\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\gagelonia luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game3\Game3\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\gagelonia luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game3\Game3\obj\x86\Debug\Game3.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\gagelonia luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game3\Game3\obj\x86\Debug\Game3.exe
c:\users\gagelonia luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game3\Game3\obj\x86\Debug\Game3.pdb
c:\users\gagelonia luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game3\Game3\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\batWalk.png
C:\Users\Gagelonia Luis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Game3\Game3\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\idlePiece.png
C:\Users\Gagelonia Luis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Game3\Game3\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\astroJump.png
